.TH BITLOCKERSETUP "8" "April 2019" "bitlockersetup 0.1" "Maintenance Commands"
.SH NAME
bitlockersetup \- manage BitLocker encrypted devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
bitlockersetup <options> <action> <action args>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Bitlockersetup is a tool for accessing BitLocker devices in GNU/Linux using the Device Mapper crypto target.
Currently only basic operations like open and close are being supported.

Only password protected BitLocker devices that use AES-XTS enryption can be opened. Older BitLocker versions that use AES-CBC and other protectors like TPM are not supported.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
open DEVICE [NAME]
Open an existing BitLocker device using dm-crypt. The name argument is optional, if not specified, the created DM devices will be named as "bitlocker-UUID".
Password can also be provided on standard input if used together with the \fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR option.

The newly created Device Mapper device /dev/mapper/<NAME> contains a standard NTFS filesystem that can be mounted using ntfs-3g.

.TP
close NAME
Closes an opened BitLocker device. This removes the existing DM mapping NAME.
.TP
image DEVICE FILENAME
Decrypts a BitLocker device and saves it as an image to FILENAME.
.TP
dump DEVICE
Prints the header information about an existing BitLocker device.
.TP
uuid DEVICE
Prints the UUID (GUID) of an existing BitLocker device.
.TP
isbitlocker DEVICE
Checks if the selected device is a BitLocker device. Returns true, if DEVICE is a BitLocker device, false otherwise.
.SH COMMON OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help text and default parameters.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print more information on command execution.
.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-yes\fR
Do not prompt for confirmation interactively but always assume the answer is yes.
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Suppress output and log messages. Overrides --verbose.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Show bitlockersetup version.
.SH AUTHOR
Vojtech Trefny <mail@vojtechtrefny.cz>
.SH SEE ALSO
dmsetup(8), ntfsprogs(8)
